1. What is Emmet?
Emmet is a plugin which allows the developer to boost productivity by allowing them to write the shortcuts
and then generate boilerplate code for them

2. Difference between a Library and Framework?
A framework contains everything in itself that maybe required for development and provides everything required
by developer whereas a library is called by developer and uses wherever required by the developer.
For example: Angular.js has its own implemetation for routing whereas React.js require react-router-dom
to be installed to implement routing.

3. What is CDN? Why do we use it?
Content Delivery Network is a network of distributed servers in different places that are working
together. It is used so that there is no delay in accessing a web page.

4. Why is React known as React?
React renders everything that is changing in the web page constantly. The changes that being made depends upon
the changes in the state of the application. So reacting to every change in the state got React to be called
as React.

5. What is crossorigin in script tag?
One web page may have to make request to other servers to load some of the resources. So then using the crossorigin
attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.

6. What is diference between React and ReactDOM?
React is the core module of React which can be used by any other framework that is based on React like
React-native but ReactDOM is the module which connect the React with the web using the DOM API of the
browsers.
React provides functionalities which might be similar in all React frameworks and ReactDOM is specifically
for creating the web applications.

7. What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
The development CDN file is used for development reasons whereas the production CDN file is used to run the
React applications in the production. There are certain differences between the two file like the size of the two
files.

8. What is async and defer?
Both async and defer are used to execute asynchronous code but there is differene between them.
Async -> Code will be executed once the code is available and the construction of DOM will not be blocked by the
asynchronous practice.
Defer -> Code will be executed once the code is available and only after the construction of DOM is finished.